Recurring revenue is awesome. High
ticket recurring revenue is even more
awesome. I'll tell you that from
experience. I am going to show you today
in this video how I've successfully
charged recurring high ticket for both
products and services for several years
now since technically 2017. And I'm
going to give you all the insights and
lessons that I've learned associated
with that. In this video, I'm going to
demonstrate to you how you're losing and
missing out on a substantial sum of
revenue on a month-over-month basis and
all of what you need to do to make
adjustments to your current offers to be
capable of selling high ticket recurring
product or services. No more of these
little games that you play where you
charge a couple thousand bucks and
that's your main thing and that's all
the revenue that you get. No, no. In
today's video, I'm going to show you how
the lowest ticket product that I've
currently got is $5,000 transactionally
and how the current highest ticket
education company product we have is
$10,000 a month. We also have a 3.4 to
3.7% churn annualized for that high
ticket recurring product. I've talked
recently in a video about the
fulfillment best practices associated
with that. But again, in today's video,
I'm going to encapsulate all of the
lessons of actually selling marketing
and a few fulfillment lessons as well
around high ticket recurring products or
services. Welcome into the channel if
you're new. My name's Jeremy Haynes. All
we talk about around here is cracking
million-dollar months. Whether it's the
first million a month or the next
million month, we got you on the top
lessons from people who have been there,
done that, that we hand down to you here
on YouTube. We don't make any income
claims, though. You're likely an idiot
who has zero potential to turn money
into any more money. So, simply put,
these are just lessons that we're
handing down to you. There is a 99.99%
chance that you don't even crack 10
million a year. That's right. According
to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics,
the good old government of the United
States claims that you have a.1%
probability of ever cracking 10 million
a year, let alone the even smaller
probability to get to a million a month
or the even smaller probability compared
to that to hit a couple million a month.
And let's be honest, you probably think
you're some special snowflake, but
you're probably not. you're probably a
part of that 99.99 and even smaller
percentile that'll never ever hit these
kinds of numbers. So, kick back, enjoy
the lessons, and I'm sure there'll be
something that you can apply to help
your business grow. But again, no income
claims or earning potential. And of
course, if you're already a subscriber,
welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have
you here. Without further ado, let's
dive in. So, when you look at recurring
high ticket, this is very important to
understand, okay? It's a 30-day
recurring charge, okay? And the number
one lesson associated with this that you
have to think with in the offer stack
itself is very obvious. It is the power
of you generating ongoing results. Okay,
the ongoing results are one of the most
important things in almost all
instances. That means that you have to
have fresh slashnew material or whatever
it is that you're doing factored into
whatever it is that you're selling.
Let's look at something simple like a
nice car. You know, I have four nice
cars currently. I have a Rolls-Royce
Ghost that I spend about 4K a month on.
I have a McLaren 750S Spider that I
spend about 5K and some change a month
on. I have a 911 Turbo S Cabriolet, an
incredible car that I threw some HRES
on. We call it Blueberry. That specific
car, honestly, I'm not actually sure how
much that specific car costs me each
month. Maybe 3K. And then I have a
Porsche Cayenne Turbo GT, the highest
spec Cayenne that they've got, that race
car SUV. Absolute sleeper of a Daily
Mobile. My fiance drives that car. And
again, I couldn't tell you how much that
one costs, but arguably cheaper than the
other three. Here's my point. In that
example, I'm technically paying
recurring high ticket, a few thousand
bucks a month, ranging from like two to
fiveishk a month specifically because
I'm getting the ability to consistently
use the product every month. People do
this with products from guys like Alex
Becker with software with highros,
right? Give or take how much revenue
you're specifically running through
there that they're tracking for you
dictates how much you have to spend. We
know clients that make a few million
bucks a month that are spending
thousands of dollars a month just to
have their revenue tracked because give
or take how much revenue you track with
them dictates how much you are going to
have to pay. Okay. There's obviously
guys like myself, Jeremy's inner circle,
an incredible product. Twice a month
one-on-one calls, weekly group calls,
huge course vault, unlimited access to
Jeremy AI quarterly. That means four
times a year we do masterminds here in
person in good old Miami, Florida.
There's a very active group chat. dozens
and dozens of SOPs, financial models,
you name it. And it's very easy for
people to justify staying a part of the
group, not only because there's new
material, fresh material, but because we
are great at our job of helping people
get ongoing results. They come in, they
get a result. Most of the time the
people who join in that are already
doing a couple hundred grand a month,
which is most people, it's very easy to
teach them literally one to three things
that can make back the entire cost of
the year for them to stay a part of the
group. But we don't just stop there. We
consistently try to get them results on
an ongoing month- over-month basis. It's
a number one lesson you have to
understand if you actually want to get
to the point where you can charge high
ticket. You have to look at it from one
of two perspectives. Okay? It's either
ongoing usage slash access. Think of it
like your rent, right? Or your mortgage
that you pay. You pay month in and month
out to maintain the usage, to maintain
the access. When you go use an Airbnb or
a hotel comparatively, you typically pay
a little bit more than what you'd pay
for your rent or for your mortgage
because you're using it for a shorter
duration of time. So, usually when
you're using it over a longer period of
time, you get a deal cut to you. Again,
like in the instance of rent or your
mortgage has to be something of value.
Think about that. That's where somebody
lives. It's literally their shelter.
It's the roof over their head. Think
about how much you as a rich guy spend
on food on a month-over-month basis.
There are certain restaurants that we
and my staff frequent literally four to
five days out of the week. There's a
one-star Michelin restaurant right up
the road from our office here in the
design district in Miami, Florida. It's
called Coat. C O T E. It's a onestar
Michelin steakhouse, Korean steakhouse
at that very good restaurant. They have
a nice little lunch box that's about
$35. Comes with steak, rice, a little
egg yolk, some wasabi, and some kind of
brown sauce. It's an incredible dish. We
pay coat literally low thousands of
dollars a month every month just so four
to five men four to five days out of the
week every day for lunch can have that
little coat, steak, and rice combo. It's
incredible. But again, it's the ongoing
usage. It's the fact that yes, it's
technically transactional, but again,
they could easily sell us an ongoing
subscription for a certain amount of
that, and we'd happily pay it,
especially given how often we use it.
Here's my point. You right now, you're
charging transactional high ticket
because that's all you're good at doing.
You're good at getting people one result
or one main result, and at best, you're
good at doing it over a broad duration
of time. I, on the other hand, when I'm
charging somebody for access to Jeremy's
inner circle at mid thousands of dollars
a month, have to be good at getting them
a result within a 30-day period of time
on an every 30-day recurring basis for
the justification for them to be in
there. You understand the difference?
The main thing that you have to optimize
around is the speed to you producing the
result. That's what you suck at right
now. That is why you only charge what
you charge. You also likely don't track
how much you're actually making people
or what value they actually extract from
it and how much they'd be willing to pay
or how they'd be willing to pay period
on an ongoing basis. Just to be really
clear with you so you understand this
plain and simple, you want to charge
somebody every 30 days, you have to
exceed the value of what they paid.
Whether it be a monetary return that
they generated from it or whether it be
something like the value of rent or the
value of tracking your revenue which
technically like in the highross use
case is still justified as making money
or in the case of the cars it's like I'm
not spending upwards of however much I'm
spending per month low tens of thousands
of dollars with insurance factored in
just for the [__] of it. It's like I
have a lot of fun when I drive those
cars but I'm also buying the status of
it on an ongoing basis. You understand?
Somebody on Twitter the other day, I'd
posted this beautiful black ceramic
bubble Watson one of 30 Asia edition
rose gold watch. And somebody who's in
poverty was like,
>> I don't understand why people buy those
watches. It doesn't make any sense to
me. It's an ugly watch.
>> And I told him point blank why people
buy watches like these. I said, "Buddy,
I'm buying status. I'm rewarding myself
for accomplishment, but most
importantly, I'm signaling to other
people who I want to talk to, which
happens quite frequently where I live
down here in good old Miami, Florida,
who immediately recognize the level that
we're both playing at and can spark a
conversation at a much higher level.
It's very easy to justify, but in
addition to that, it's value retention.
It's like a frozen bank account. Again,
here's my point. Whatever you are going
to charge, you have to be able with
before the next charge comes, you have
to be able to exceed the value of what
that counterparty is getting from it.
Whether it be status, a financial
return, clarity, whatever it is, okay?
You have to exceed it within the 30
days. So therefore, you have to track
what that metric actually is. You have
to track what that specific thing is. As
soon as you know that, you're going to
have a good time and you can start to
optimize around the speed to result.
Now, obviously, what you get to charge
is relative to the level of result that
you can produce. Let me tell you a quick
story about Jeremy's Inner Circle. When
I very first started it back in 2019, it
only cost 1,500 bucks a month. That's
cuz I had no idea what I could actually
do for people. The income qualification
was far lower back then. I think back
then, you only had to make a measly 20K
a month to be a part of the group. Those
people specifically who still today who
are with us that pay that 1,500 bucks a
month, we're great at our job. But
because those people made less when they
joined into the group, it was also
harder to help them make more sooner. So
the ability for me to charge more wasn't
really justified. Then we started to
attract a higher quality person. How
easy? I just started talking about
higher level lessons on the front end in
places like this on YouTube and on all
my other social channels and my ads. And
as a result, we attracted a higher
quality person. Well, we cranked the
price of that product as time went on
from 1,500 bucks to 2K a month, from 2K
to 3K, from 3K to 4K, from 4 to 5. When
we got to five, I thought to myself,
"Wow, this is really impressive." The
minimum income qualification to join in
when we were at 5K a month was $100,000
a month. And at that $100,000 a month,
it became far easier to help those
people get a whole lot richer. And as a
matter of fact, when we were around the
5K a month mark, we barely got people
that were around 100k a month. We had
some aspirational guys where their dream
and their goal was to be a part of it.
And so, they try their hardest to get to
100K a month, but we very, very rarely
even let those guys in. We have guys all
the time that are already at a good mid
couple hundredk a month. We have guys
join in that are already at more than a
million a month that are trying to tack
on that next million a month to what
they do. And again, the outcome of that
product is in no way, shape, or form an
income claim or a guarantee that we can
do these things. But these people who
buy it, they know that the lessons that
we share in there can at least increase
their odds of trying to make these
things possible for themselves a little
bit more than what they are without the
information that we can otherwise
provide. And it's all we do in that
product. We just give people resources.
We give them access to other people who
are doing it. We give them the lessons
in a far more detailed way with far more
ways to consume those lessons than what
we would ever do here for free on
YouTube. As an example, now when we got
to 5K a month, it actually became very
problematic. The types of people that
would join in were already so rich that
when they would apply the lessons that
we teach, they'd get so much richer so
much faster than people who historically
joined in that were already making less.
And so we had to implement more
friction. We added an annual agreement
where you have to be in there for at
least a year, otherwise we won't let you
in. We already had the minimum income
qualification, but we started to be even
more strict, as I mentioned, not
allowing the people who are closer to
the bottom of that restriction to join
in. We had to start denying more people,
even if they were technically the right
people, because we'd have upwards of 10
to 30 people a month joining into it at
those levels. We then cranked it to 6K a
month. Same exact problem at 6K a month,
except the problem got exacerbated
again. Richer people joined in. the
people who didn't have an issue with the
price, who recognized that the price of
that product was a signal of what the
value of the product was. Think about it
from the perspective of, man, if this
guy's charging that amount, what's he
capable of doing? How's he so
confidently going to be able to charge
that? I can't imagine the level of
result I'm going to be able to produce
or what I could produce with the
information I get access to in there if
that guy's charging that. When we
charged 6K a month, I was only able to
charge 6K a month for about 60 days. The
first month of charging 6K a month, we
had about 15 people join in. The second
month of charging 6K a month, we had a
little over 21 people join in. Far too
much. We then cranked it from 6K a month
to 10K a month. We did our biggest jump
yet. And we still had people join in at
10K a month. Here's the point I'm trying
to make, and this is really important
that you understand this. As time went
on, we became more certain in our
capacity to produce people results. As
time went on, the network effect started
to kick in. Whereas as the richer people
joined in and were getting great results
with it on an ongoing basis, they'd
naturally tell all their friends who
would ask, they'd say, "Yeah, dude. No,
this guy's not [__] around at all."
Like, "This is an awesome thing to be a
part of. It's a special thing." And I
want to be very clear in saying it's
definitely worth more than what we
charge for it right now. And we know
that. People who buy it know that. The
people who don't know that are the ones
who are on the fence. And rightfully so.
I mean, 10K a month's an excessive
amount of money. Again, I could have my
McLaren and my Rolls-Royce with a little
bit of insurance factored in for
technically the same amount. And that's
what people will compare it to. And
that's my point. I want to be really
clear when I say this, okay? We are
great at that specific job of getting
people results on an ongoing basis. Most
people who I know as an example of that,
people in that same program when they
first consider how could I start doing
something similar to what Jeremy's done
with his Jeremy's Inner Circle product,
that's the very first thing you have to
answer is how much result am I getting
people right now? And what is fair to
charge people? That's the most important
word that you have to think with when
you're in the consideration phase of
what your high ticket product or service
could be that you're going to charge
that recurring high ticket amount for.
Has to be something that's fair that
both parties look at and say, "Yeah,
it's a risk, but it's fair relative to
whatever result or outcome I'm going to
produce on an ongoing basis." You
understand? That's the most important
part, fair. And you generally start
lower. That's why I am transparent with
you right now as I sit here and tell you
about our Jeremy's Inner Circle pricing
journey. I tell you that to reveal to
you that we started smaller and as the
results got bigger and bigger and
bigger. As our systems got better and
better and better, as our overall result
grew and our quality and value of member
grew that other people got the
opportunity to network with. Naturally,
our certainty lifted and certainties
reflected in your pricing. You're
typically going to start smaller and
you're going to work your way up. Here's
the good news, though. You have an
opportunity here to change the course of
your business forever. Imagine waking up
on an ongoing basis every month and
instead of starting at zero and having
to climb that transactional ladder, you
just wake up and you say, "Well, here's
our churn rate. This is how many people
out of our recurring revenue that we're
going to be able to retain and
successfully charge this month.
Realistically, long as nothing goes
wrong from that perspective and our
delivery stays dialed in, we wake up to
start the month with whatever amount it
is. Could be a mid-range couple hundred
grand. You might obviously start lower
than that and just tens of thousands of
dollars that you get to start with. What
if that's what you're spending on ad
spend right now and you successfully
liquidate your ad spend just with the
recurring high ticket people you can
start this whole system with. It's a
milestone system, right? 200 people at
5K a month is a million dollars a month
just to put it in perspective. You
understand? This is a game changer. So,
back to my point. To get the ability to
charge the recurring high ticket amount
that you likely want to charge, it has
to be fair. It's likely going to be
smaller when you first get started
because you have to dial in a system and
a process that's going to get people
results on an ongoing 30-day basis. the
results that they get have to exceed
whatever it is that they're going to
pay. And as time goes on, you can
incrementally move that pricing up
because again, pricing is reflected with
the certainty of your system for
producing those ongoing results has to
be fair. Okay? You have to have
something that ideally incorporates the
stack, the offer, like whatever it is
that you actually are going to sell to
somebody. It's very simple to determine
what that actually is. It may be what
you're selling now just with ongoing
updates that you're incentivized to
create on an ongoing 30-day basis.
Instead of you just having whatever it
is that you have now that people buy
that they just get access to and like
that's it. That's all they get. You
might finally change that to be updating
it on a more frequent basis. Whatever
system that you sell to somebody,
whenever your offer stack ends up being,
just think of it in that context. It's
really simple to determine what the
offer stack is when you just simply say,
"What can I do to provide ongoing value
that exceeds the amount somebody's going
to pay?" Okay, so for us, as an example,
in our Jeremy's Inner Circle stack, one
of my favorite things that we've
recently incorporated that helps the
most is Jeremy AI. So, we have without
exaggeration, every single message I've
been able to export successfully from
Telegram, iMessage, social platforms,
every single call recording that I've
got when it comes to client calls,
consulting calls, one-on-one calls,
okay? Every training video, every video
like this, every SOP I've ever written,
right? Literally every single thing I've
ever documented, which by the way, right
now why I sit here and film this is more
than like 13 million words from me that
that thing is trained on. Voice notes,
whatever it is. And guess what? Every
day that I document something, which is
literally every day, by the way, and
that's not an exaggeration. Every day I
film something. Every day I document
something. Every day I do calls, every
day I send messages. Every day we have
more training material that we export at
the end of the day, upload into it, and
it's one day behind real Jeremy. People
can message in real time. Well, I'm
sitting here doing this right now. They
can message in real time. And that's
what we talked about in that fulfillment
video. I'd really encourage you to go
watch that that fulfillment video. I
talked about digital Jeremy and I talked
about AI Jeremy is a great example of
something that people have real-time
access to. It helps them get results
faster. Okay. And then we have a few
different things that we incorporate in
our stack. SOPs. SOPs are incredible to
read through. They're step by step in
order to implement a specific strategy
or set of tactics we have to get
results. But they're also an incredible
asset to feed into an LLM that that
specific member prefers to use. Okay?
Whether it be for their staff, whether
it be for them, or whether it be for an
LLM, it's another way to consume the
same information. They obviously have
access to real Jeremy when they pay for
the full Jeremy Center circle. They can
message me. They can do one-on-one calls
with me. They can talk to me, okay? And
I will answer their question. They have
a group chat, extremely active, full of
all these other people that are like
them, that are rich, trying to get a
fuckload richer. And they have a place
where they can ask questions, where
people will actually engage with them
and give them additional perspective
beyond just myself. We have a huge
training library. Here's the point I'm
trying to make. Each one of these
things, and there's several more that I
could sit here and name, they're all
different forms of consumables. And all
these things, whether it's Jeremy AI,
whether it's real Jeremy, whether it's
the course vault, whether it's the
community, all these are fresh and new
on an ongoing basis. We update the
course vault every week with a new
weekly group call. Jeremy AI gets
updated literally every day. You can
talk to real Jeremy every day. There's
different things inside of the group
chat every day. Okay? There's not an
everyday SOP to be clear, but again,
there's SOPs typically like once or
twice a month that we drop as well.
these things as an example of the offer
stack when I say like this whole fresh
and new thing. These are variables that
are important for you to understand
because you can't just sell some kind of
like oneandone system unless it's an
access system. Okay? It's like in the
example of highros or your rent or a car
technically it's the same thing. Nothing
needs to be new. Nothing needs to
change. Nothing has to evolve with it.
It's it just has to do its job and
provide the ongoing value. From my
reflection of what most of you sitting
here are more probable to sell recurring
high ticket. It's less probable to be
something like rent. It's less probable
to be something like a car. It's less
probable to just be like some kind of
ongoing thing that that just works for
them. In most instances, what most of
you are going to sit here and sell to
people that's some kind of recurring
high ticket product or service. It's
going to be something that requires you
to contribute to it every month to help
with that process of getting them that
ongoing result on a monthly basis. Okay?
There's so many more lessons that I
could sit here and talk to you about and
I do, but I do it inside of the paid
programs that we have like Jeremy's
inner circle and like my master
marketing program which there's links
for down in the description of this
video. I hope that this inspires you
because when I way back in the day, you
know, years ago determined that this was
the best path forward. Obviously, from a
financial perspective, it's [__]
sweet. Okay, I love it. But what I also
love is the level of result that we're
able to provide to people when they take
the commitment far more seriously. And
naturally, people will take the
commitment far more seriously when they
spend more on it. And they spend more on
it on an ongoing basis. Okay? As
somebody who's had an education company
for almost a decade down, okay, I've had
my education company since 2017. It's
almost 2026 at the time I filmed this
video. So about 9 years over that
duration of time I remember when I used
to only charge a couple hundred bucks
for like some kind of course or
something that people could get access
to. Only half the people would log in.
I've sold books like I have a book most
of y'all don't even know this called
what I wish I knew getting started. It's
perfect for more of an entrylevel
person. I give it out for free. You can
go to my Instagram Jeremy and it's in
that little free courses highlight. You
can see it in there if you want to opt
in and get a digital version of you can
also get it on Kindle on Amazon if you
want. But anyway, that book
specifically, again, it's like how many
people actually read the [__] book
after they get the book? Not a lot, cuz
a lot of people buy books and they just
don't take it seriously because they
spent so little on. I remember when I
had initially taken the leap to enhance
that product that we previously charged
a couple hundred bucks for, add a
tremendous amount to it, redo it, add
more to it. We started charging 5K for
that. 100% of people logged in when it
was 5K. We saw the total consumption go
up dramatically as a result of charging
5K. And here's what's most important to
understand about that. That got people a
fuckload more results, which is the
whole point of selling the product.
Selling a product, especially in an
education company, is not some [__]
cash grab. You know, it's an opportunity
to have somebody transact in order to
get some kind of outcome or result or
increase the odds that they can speed up
their process to getting a specific
result and outcome. So, as a result of
charging more, we recognized we're far
more probable to get people results on
an ongoing basis. Then when we started
charging initially, like I said, that
1,500 bucks a month, that came out to
18K a year. Just to put that in
perspective, 1,500 time 12, the level of
result, the involvement, the consumption
dramatically higher again compared to
the 5k transactional amount. And then
you compare that several years later to
people now paying 10K a month. The
speed, this is the most impressive thing
that I've noticed compared to anything
else. The level of seriousness that
somebody has coming into that product is
so much more extreme. Like they come in
and they immediately consume. They
immediately engage. They immediately ask
questions. They immediately say like,
"What's the plan? What should I do
first?" And then more importantly than
anything else, they put it into action
so much faster than anybody else. And as
a result of that, they get results
faster. And then guess what? It doesn't
stop there because they get charged
again next month. And they repeat that
same process again and again and again.
So our ability in this specific context
with the product I'm giving you an
example of for me personally with our
education company. We get better results
through time. We get better members
through time. They stay for longer
durations of time because they get so
much more results over a broader
duration of time. The value of those
members is literally far greater than
somebody who makes far less and so their
network is far stronger. And so
therefore the referral model is also far
stronger when we've simply put charged
more money on an ongoing basis for some
kind of recurring high ticket product.
The implications of doing this almost
feel like it crosses into a territory
where it's unethical to charge less or
to not structure whatever it is that
you're selling high ticket in a
non-recurring way where it's just
transactional. I deeply believe in in
the most like sincere way I can say it
to you that I think you're actually
doing a big disservice to people by only
charging them a onetime transactional
amount. I don't want to make it
something where you say, "Okay, people
who are impoverished or people who don't
have a probability to easily afford it
should be stretched thin with something
that you're otherwise just charging and
not getting great results for and now
going to try to take it to a recurring
high ticket product." That's not the
context I'm saying. I'm trying to let
you know it's it's likely going to be a
difference in audience that you're
selling to now as it's been for me. Like
the people who were very first a part of
Jeremy's inner circle are not the people
that are a part of Jeremy's inner circle
today. And that's what's really
important to understand. There's there's
an adaption in who you're likely going
to sell to. And that adaption is going
to require you to update your messaging.
It's going to require you to increase
your your ability to deliver and speed
up the process to delivery. It's it's
going to demand you to evolve, which is
an incredible thing because every single
evolution that we've had to make to be
able to successfully sell to this type
of person that we currently sell to
successfully on an ongoing basis with
3.4 4 to 3.7% annualized churn is solely
because we have made those necessary
adaptions as time has gone on. It's made
our business exponentially better than
it ever was prior. And that challenge
that you will be faced with, the set of
challenges that you will be faced with
are going to benefit you, your company,
your customers forever in a very
positive way. So, I would encourage you
to take on the challenge. It's not going
to be easy. It's not just going to be a
flick of a switch and you just start
charging more money overnight. um you're
really going to need to take this
serious and you're really going to need
to embrace everything along the way
that's going to be required of you to do
it successfully. But when you do it
successfully, there's a far better you
on the other side of it. I assure you of
of that. And there's obviously a far
richer version of you on the other side
of it as well. And remember, the whole
point of getting richer is you're able
to materialize a better world for
yourself, others, and the people that
you help far sooner than you would
compared to having less resources. So
take on the challenge. Give it a shot.
See what you can do. And of course, if
you want the ongoing help, once you're
handheld through this, you want the
lessons that of course we would never
share for free here on YouTube, check
out the links down in the description
for one of our paid products at the
least. Subscribe to the channel, check
out some of my other videos, and go get
richer. toxin.